changelog (#731)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/docs/pages/changelog/2025-02-04.md

### Conversational AI

- **Agent monitoring**: Added a new dashboard for monitoring conversational AI agents' activity. Check out your's [here](https://elevenlabs.io/app/conversational-ai).
- **Proactive conversations**: Enhanced capabilities with improved timeout retry logic. [Learn more](/docs/conversational-ai/customization/conversation-flow)
- **Tool calls**: Fixed timeout issues occurring during tool calls
- **Allowlist**: Fixed implementation of allowlist functionality.
- **Content summarization**: Added Gemini as a fallback model to ensure service reliability
- **Widget stability**: Fixed issue with dynamic variables causing the Conversational AI widget to fail

### Reader

- **Trending content**: Added carousel showcasing popular articles and trending content
- **New publications**: Introduced dedicated section for recent ElevenReader Publishing releases

> ### Studio

Reviewer: Just for the sake of being thorough let's do this 
```suggestion
### Studio (formally Projects)
```
and just for this one changelog, all future ones will just say `Studio`

> - **Projects is now Studio**: and is available to everybody!

Reviewer: Nit, but we don't use exclamation marks cause we're a serious AI research company.
```suggestion
- **Projects is now Studio**: and is now generally available to everyone
```

### Conversational AI

> - **Agent monitoring**: New dashboard for monitoring conversational AI agents' activity.

Reviewer: Can we add links to all these?

Reviewer: Specifically where we added something, not the fixes.

Author: hmm there aren't existing pages in the docs, but i can add them to the backlog

Reviewer: I was more talking about linking directly to the new dashboard rather than a docs page.

Author: added link to dashboard for now [d0aec86](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs/pull/731/commits/d0aec86b24dc94563285128d99c33db24d6039ee)

- **Proactive conversations**: Enhanced capabilities with improved timeout retry logic. [Learn more](/docs/conversational-ai/customization/conversation-flow)
- **Tool calls**: Fixed timeout issues occurring during tool calls
- **Allowlist**: Fixed implementation of allowlist functionality.
- **Content summarization**: Added Gemini as a fallback model to ensure service reliability
- **Widget stability**: Fixed issue with dynamic variables causing the Conversational AI widget to fail

### Reader

- **Trending content**: Added carousel showcasing popular articles and trending content
- **New publications**: Introduced dedicated section for recent ElevenReader Publishing releases

> ### Studio

Reviewer: Perhaps mention that Projects is now Studio?

Author: [c733c4e](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs/pull/731/commits/c733c4ed3dac9b55aa76f412cc8170890c10df8c)
